CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish
to make via [Slack channel](https://short-d.com/r/slack) with the owner
of this repository before making a change.

Please open a draft pull request when you are working on an issue so that the
owner knows it is in progress. The owner may take over or reassign the issue if no
body replies after 10 days assigned to you.

## Pull Request Process

1. Update the [README](README.md) with details of changes to the interfaces,
   new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container
   parameters.
1. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of code owner,
   or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the code owner
   to merge it for you.

## Code Review Guideline

### What to look for in a code review

- The code is well-designed.
- The functionality is good for the users of the code.
- Any UI changes are sensible and look good.
- Any parallel programming is done safely.
- The code isn’t more complex than it needs to be.
- The developer isn’t implementing things they might need in the future but don’t
  know they need now.
- Code has appropriate unit tests.
- Tests are well-designed.
- The developer used clear names for everything.
- Comments are clear and useful, and mostly explain why instead of what.
- Code is appropriately documented.

### The Standard

- Reviewers should favor approving a PR once it is in a state where it definitely
  improves the overall code health of the system being worked on, even if the PR
  isn’t perfect.
- Instead of seeking perfection, what a reviewer should seek is continuous
  improvement.
- If a PR adds a feature that the reviewer doesn’t want in their system, then the
  reviewer can certainly deny approval even if the code is well-designed.
- Reviewers should always feel free to leave comments expressing that something
  could be better, but if it’s not very important, prefix it with something like
  “Nit: “ to let the author know that it’s just a point of polish that they could
  choose to ignore.
- Checking in PRs that definitely worsen the overall code health of the system is
  not justified unless there is an emergency.

### Mentoring

Code review can have an important function of teaching developers something new
about a language, a framework, or general software design principles.

If the comment is purely educational, but not critical to meeting the standards
above, prefix it with "Nit: ".

### Principles

- Technical facts and data overrule opinions and personal preferences.
- On matters of style, the linters are the absolute authorities. The style should
  be consistent with what is there. If there is no previous style, accept the
  author’s.
- Aspects of software design are NOT personal preferences. Sometimes there are a
  few valid options. If the author can demonstrate that several approaches are
  equally valid, then the reviewer should accept the preference of the author.
  Otherwise the choice is dictated by standard principles of software design.
- If no other rule applies, then the reviewer may ask the author to be consistent
  with what is in the current codebase, as long as that doesn’t worsen the overall
  code health of the system.

### Showing Apprecaition

If you see something nice in the PR, tell the developer, especially when they
addressed one of your comments in a great way. Code reviews should offer
encouragement and appreciation for good practices, as well. It’s sometimes even
more valuable, in terms of mentoring, to tell a developer what they did right
than to tell them what they did wrong.

### Resolving Conflicts

When coming to consensus becomes especially difficult, it can help to have a
face-to-face meeting or a video call between the reviewer and the author, instead
of just trying to resolve the conflict through code review comments. (If you do
this, though, make sure to record the results of the discussion in a comment on
the CL, for future readers.)

Don’t let a PR sit around because the author and the reviewer can’t come to an
agreement.

Note: This guideline is derived from [Google Engineering Practices Documentation](https://github.com/google/eng-practices)

## Code of Conduct

- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members

## Discussions

Please join this [Slack channel](https://short-d.com/r/slack) to
discuss bugs, dev environment setup, tooling, and coding best practices.

Commit message:

Add instruction for weekly standups to contributing.md (#585)
* Update contributing

* Update CONTRIBUTING.md

Co-Authored-By: Rohith Balaji <rohithbalaji123@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Rohith Balaji <rohithbalaji123@gmail.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish
to make via [Slack channel](https://short-d.com/r/slack) with the owner
of this repository before making a change.

Please open a draft pull request when you are working on an issue so that the
owner knows it is in progress. The owner may take over or reassign the issue if no body replies after 10 days assigned to you.

Please post your weekly contributions on our Slack every Friday during your convenient hours. All of the followings counts as contributions: 

- Exploring the codebase
- Learnings new tools, infrastructures, libraries, algorithms, designs, or concepts
- Experimenting with different technologies and sharing the findings with the group
- Prototyping new features
- Fixing bugs
- Improving maintainability, scalability, reliability and performance of existing system
- Doing code reviews
- Writing design docs
- Creating UI mockups
- Organizing or participating sync meetings

The owner reserves the rights to deactivate your Slack account after missing 3 consecutive standups without any heads up.

## Pull Request Process

1. Update the [README](README.md) with details of changes to the interfaces,
   new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container
   parameters.
1. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of code owner,
   or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the code owner
   to merge it for you.

## Code Review Guideline

### What to look for in a code review

- The code is well-designed.
- The functionality is good for the users of the code.
- Any UI changes are sensible and look good.
- Any parallel programming is done safely.
- The code isn’t more complex than it needs to be.
- The developer isn’t implementing things they might need in the future but don’t
  know they need now.
- Code has appropriate unit tests.
- Tests are well-designed.
- The developer used clear names for everything.
- Comments are clear and useful, and mostly explain why instead of what.
- Code is appropriately documented.

### The Standard

- Reviewers should favor approving a PR once it is in a state where it definitely
  improves the overall code health of the system being worked on, even if the PR
  isn’t perfect.
- Instead of seeking perfection, what a reviewer should seek is continuous
  improvement.
- If a PR adds a feature that the reviewer doesn’t want in their system, then the
  reviewer can certainly deny approval even if the code is well-designed.
- Reviewers should always feel free to leave comments expressing that something
  could be better, but if it’s not very important, prefix it with something like
  “Nit: “ to let the author know that it’s just a point of polish that they could
  choose to ignore.
- Checking in PRs that definitely worsen the overall code health of the system is
  not justified unless there is an emergency.

### Mentoring

Code review can have an important function of teaching developers something new
about a language, a framework, or general software design principles.

If the comment is purely educational, but not critical to meeting the standards
above, prefix it with "Nit: ".

### Principles

- Technical facts and data overrule opinions and personal preferences.
- On matters of style, the linters are the absolute authorities. The style should
  be consistent with what is there. If there is no previous style, accept the
  author’s.
- Aspects of software design are NOT personal preferences. Sometimes there are a
  few valid options. If the author can demonstrate that several approaches are
  equally valid, then the reviewer should accept the preference of the author.
  Otherwise the choice is dictated by standard principles of software design.
- If no other rule applies, then the reviewer may ask the author to be consistent
  with what is in the current codebase, as long as that doesn’t worsen the overall
  code health of the system.

### Showing Apprecaition

If you see something nice in the PR, tell the developer, especially when they
addressed one of your comments in a great way. Code reviews should offer
encouragement and appreciation for good practices, as well. It’s sometimes even
more valuable, in terms of mentoring, to tell a developer what they did right
than to tell them what they did wrong.

### Resolving Conflicts

When coming to consensus becomes especially difficult, it can help to have a
face-to-face meeting or a video call between the reviewer and the author, instead
of just trying to resolve the conflict through code review comments. (If you do
this, though, make sure to record the results of the discussion in a comment on
the CL, for future readers.)

Don’t let a PR sit around because the author and the reviewer can’t come to an
agreement.

Note: This guideline is derived from [Google Engineering Practices Documentation](https://github.com/google/eng-practices)

## Code of Conduct

- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members

## Discussions

Please join this [Slack channel](https://short-d.com/r/slack) to
discuss bugs, dev environment setup, tooling, and coding best practices.
