README.md, before:

# Short
[![Build Status](https://ci.time4hacks.com/api/badges/byliuyang/short/status.svg)](https://ci.time4hacks.com/byliuyang/short)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/byliuyang/short/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/byliuyang/short)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/408644627586328ddd6c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/byliuyang/short/maintainability)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/byliuyang/short)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/byliuyang/short)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/byliuyang/short)

![Demo](promo/marquee.png)

## Preview
![Demo](doc/demo.gif)

## Want `s/` extension?
Get it from [Chrome Web Store](https://s.time4hacks.com/r/ext) or build it from [source](https://github.com/byliuyang/short-ext)

## Prerequisites
- Docker v19.03.1

## Dependencies
Short is built on top of [app](https://github.com/byliuyang/app), a reusable framework for Go apps & command line tools

## Getting Started
### Create reCAPTCHA account
[Create ReCAPTCHA account](http://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin)

[Create Github OAuth App](https://github.com/settings/developers)

### Create .env file at project root directory with the following content:
```bash
DOCKER_IMAGE_PREFIX=local
DB_USER=your_db_user
DB_PASSWORD=your_db_password
DB_NAME=your_db_name
RECAPTCHA_SECRET=your_recaptcha_secret
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=your_Github_client_id
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=your_Github_client_secret
JWT_SECRET=your_JWT_secret
WEB_PORT=80
API_PORT=8080
```
Remember to replace the appropriate lines with your db user, db password, db name, and reCAPTCHA secret.

### Build docker image
```bash
GRAPHQL_BASE_URL=http://localhost:8080 \
HTTP_API_BASE_URL=http://localhost \
RECAPTCHA_SITE_KEY=your_recaptcha_site_key \
docker build -t local/short:latest .
```
Remember to replace the appropriate line with your reCAPTCHA site key.

### Start server
```bash
docker-compose up
```

3. Visit [http://localhost](http://localhost)

## Tools We Use

- [Drone](https://ci.time4hacks.com/byliuyang/short/):
Continuous integration written in Go
- [Sourcegraph](https://cs.time4hacks.com/github.com/byliuyang/short):
Code search written in Go
- [Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/byliuyang/short):
Automated code review

## Contributing
When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via [issues](https://github.com/byliuyang/short/issues) with the owner of this repository before making a change.

### Pull Request Process
1. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 
   variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
2. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of code owner, or if you 
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the code owner to merge it for you.

### Code of Conduct
- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members
   
## Author
Harry Liu - [byliuyang](https://github.com/byliuyang)

## License
This project is maintained under MIT license

Commit message:

Add Github OAuth samples configuration in README.md (#213)
* Add Github OAuth samples configuration in README.md

Fix #210

* Rename base URL with localhost

* Replace a few words

* Change https to http

* Follow code review guidance

- Reformat lines that are exceeded line length limit
- Change numbered list with unordered list
- Replace the word `in` with `at` at first step

README.md, after:

# Short
[![Build Status](https://ci.time4hacks.com/api/badges/byliuyang/short/status.svg)](https://ci.time4hacks.com/byliuyang/short)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/byliuyang/short/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/byliuyang/short)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/408644627586328ddd6c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/byliuyang/short/maintainability)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/byliuyang/short)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/byliuyang/short)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/byliuyang/short)

![Demo](promo/marquee.png)

## Preview
![Demo](doc/demo.gif)

## Want `s/` extension?
Get it from [Chrome Web Store](https://s.time4hacks.com/r/ext) or build it from [source](https://github.com/byliuyang/short-ext)

## Prerequisites
- Docker v19.03.1

## Dependencies
Short is built on top of [app](https://github.com/byliuyang/app), a reusable framework for Go apps & command line tools

## Getting Started
### Create reCAPTCHA account
[Create ReCAPTCHA account](http://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin)

### Create Github OAuth Application

- Register at [Github OAuth](https://github.com/settings/developers) with the
  following configurations:

|Field                     |Value                                           |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
|Application Name          |`Short`                                         |
|Homepage URL              |`http://localhost`                              |
|Application description   |`URL shortening service written in Go and React`|
|Authorization callback URL|`http://localhost/oauth/github/sign-in/callback`|

- Once you have registered the application, you should get `Client ID` and
  `Client Secret`
- Now you can copy the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` into their respective
  locations in the `.env` file

### Create .env file at project root directory with the following content:
```bash
DOCKER_IMAGE_PREFIX=local
DB_USER=your_db_user
DB_PASSWORD=your_db_password
DB_NAME=your_db_name
RECAPTCHA_SECRET=your_recaptcha_secret
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=your_Github_client_id
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=your_Github_client_secret
JWT_SECRET=your_JWT_secret
WEB_PORT=80
API_PORT=8080
```
Remember to replace the appropriate lines with your db user, db password, db name, and reCAPTCHA secret.

### Build docker image
```bash
GRAPHQL_BASE_URL=http://localhost:8080 \
HTTP_API_BASE_URL=http://localhost \
RECAPTCHA_SITE_KEY=your_recaptcha_site_key \
docker build -t local/short:latest .
```
Remember to replace the appropriate line with your reCAPTCHA site key.

### Start server
```bash
docker-compose up
```

3. Visit [http://localhost](http://localhost)

## Tools We Use

- [Drone](https://ci.time4hacks.com/byliuyang/short/):
Continuous integration written in Go
- [Sourcegraph](https://cs.time4hacks.com/github.com/byliuyang/short):
Code search written in Go
- [Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/byliuyang/short):
Automated code review

## Contributing
When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via [issues](https://github.com/byliuyang/short/issues) with the owner of this repository before making a change.

### Pull Request Process
1. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 
   variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
2. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of code owner, or if you 
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the code owner to merge it for you.

### Code of Conduct
- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members
   
## Author
Harry Liu - [byliuyang](https://github.com/byliuyang)

## License
This project is maintained under MIT license
